Let's talk about Normal mode.  

Yes, you can move with the arrow keys, but you should avoid using this crutch if
at all possible (and it's possible).  I call it a crutch because real Vim users
scoff at arrow key navigation with a certain sense of elitism.  Alas, to join
the cool kids you need something different.  In Vim, these keys are "h", "j",
"k", and "l", and these are the directions they move the cursor:

                      "k"
                      ---
                       |               You can either press them repeatedly or
                       |               simply press and hold.  For example,
            "h"  |-----+-----|  "l"    press and hold "j" until you see some
                       |               more text (there are 44 lines in total
                       |               the screen just shows the first 20).
                      ---

                      "j"


Nice.  Notice how awesome it is that your fingers can stay on home row while
navigating around the document.  "j" and "k" are probably the ones you'll use
the most to begin with.  Isn't it convenient how they're right underneath your
index and middle finger?  And yet, as convenient as this is, it defies
conventions that have been cemented into our brains by almost every piece of
consumer software ever developed, and for good reason.  They're ARROWS, after
all; their purpose seems pretty clear.  Just give "hjkl" a shot for a while and
soon it'll be second nature.


 Key    Action      How you'll remember this
 ---    ------      ------------------------
   j    Move down   "j" looks like a hook that points downward at the end of a
                    fishing line.

   k    Move up     "k" stands for K2 -- the second-highest mountain in the
                    world that for obvious reasons should remind you of things
                    that go up.

   h    Move left   It's to the left of "jk", your two most oft-used keys.

   l    Move right  It's to the right of "jk", your two most oft-used keys.

Type ":o fourth.html" and hit ENTER.
